Programs to plot field lines or flux surfaces. In detail the programs 
perform the following tasks:

  vflux.pro
    Program to show flux surfaces. The scalar field which represents the 
    flux surface is actually computed in flflux. The method is slow 
    compared to computation of flux surfaces by a fortran code. The 
    program uses the idl SLICER or the SLOWN or the PLOT3D subroutine to 
    represent the calculated flux surface. (-> vslice.pro)
  vline.pro
    Program to compute and show field lines. Field lines are calculated 
    in the subroutine flines. The 3D transformation and the 3D box is 
    determined in boxy.pro
  vlinearc.pro
    Same as vline except that the projection is given by box1.pro for 
    the geometry of auroral arcs.
  vslice.pro
    Program to show flux surfaces. Scalar fields which represent the 
    flux surfaces is mflux** (unformatted). The method is fast 
    compared to vflux.pro. The Input data actually contains only the 
    dimension and the indices of the nonzero elements of the field which 
    makes the method efficient with respect to the amount of data. The 
    program uses the idl SLICER or the SLOWN or the PLOT3D (in t3d) subroutine 
      to represent the calculated flux surface.
    
Subroutines which are used in the programs are in the directory 
 
 ~/idl_lib/routines and perform the following tasks: 

  boxy.pro
    Plots a box and determines the three-dimensional transformation to
    plot field lines.
  boxy.pro
    Plots a box and determines the three-dimensional transformation to
    plot field lines for the arc geometry.
  draw.pro
    Subroutine to draw a field line which is dashed for x<0
  flflux.pro
    Subroutine to compute the flux surface on a scalar field by
    integrating a set of field lines from an original plane and 
    distributing a value of unity across neighboring gridpoints for each 
    integration step.
  flines.pro
    Subroutine to compute field lines for a given vector field. Care is 
    suggested for boundary conditions, particularly at z=0.
  projx.pro
    Projection of field lines on the plane x=xval
  projy.pro
    Projection of field lines on the plane y=yval
  projz.pro
    Projection of field lines on the plane z=zval
  scrosst.pro
    Subroutine to determine n equidistant start locations on a 
    cross centered at center (actually for 2n field lines). 
    A second set of start locations can be selected with 
    a seperation of eps from the first set if eps <> 0.
  sline.pro
    Subroutine to determine n equidistant start locations between
    s1 and s2. A second set of start location can be selected with 
    a seperation of eps from the first set if eps <> 0.
